Okay, so what are the components
EFS CloudWatch Metrics we can have?
Well, the first one is PercentIOLimit,
which is giving you an information
about how close the file system is
to reaching its I/O limit for General Purpose.
And the idea is that,
if you are getting a very, very high percentage,
or if you're getting close to 100%,
the recommendation is to move to Max I/O
to increase your I/O capacity of your EFS file system.
So, though if you wanted to enable Max I/O,
if you remember, you would have to perform a migration
because this operation cannot be done in place.
So that means creating a new file system
with a Max I/O already enabled
and then migrating from the previous file system
to the new file system
using a data sync service.
The other one is BurstCreditBalance.
So the idea is that,
when you have a general purpose EFS file system,
you also have burst credits
that you can use to achieve a higher throughput levels.
But then if the throughput is going up to 100%
and then using all the credits,
then you're going to have a credit balance at zero,
and you need to wait a little bit for it to replenish
until you can use them again.
So this is what I'm showing you
in the graphs on the right-hand side.
On the top is the throughput.
So when it's at 100%,
then the credit balance are going to be used.
And on the bottom is the BurstCreditBalance itself
being replenished when the throughput is less than 100%.
Finally, StorageBytes, which is very easy,
which is a file system's size in bytes,
and which is updated every 15 minutes.
And you get a few dimensions,
which is how much is stored in the Standard class
versus how much is stored in the IA class
and Total is the sum of Standard and IA.
So you can access all the monitoring metrics directly
by clicking on your file system
and clicking on Monitoring.
And then in here you have access
to your throughput utilization,
being a warning when you're at above 75%.
The IOPS by type.
The throughput by type.
The percent IO limit. So this is a very important metric
I just told you about.
Client connections,
which is how many clients are currently connected
to your EFS file system.
And how much storage you're using
on your EFS file system. Okay.
And it could be a time series or a single value
if you wanted to get some real-time information in here.
And you could see more metrics in CloudWatch.
So that's it for this lecture.
I hope you liked it.
And I will see you in the next lecture.